1. What are the six combinations of access modifier keywords and what do they do?
public:accessible from everywhere
private:accessible only inside a class or a structure
protected:accessible inside the class and in all classes that derived from that class
internal: accessible inside the current project
protected internal:accessible inside the current assembly or derived class in other assemblies
private protected : accessible inside the containing class or derived class from containing class in the same assemly

 
2.What is the difference between the static, const, and readonly keywords when applied to a type member?
const must be assigned a value at the time of declaration and then cannot be modified. And const expression must be 
fully evaluated at compile time
readonly fields can be intialized either at the time of declaration or within the constructor of the same class,therefore readonly fields can be used for run-time constants
static used to specify static member, all static member are common to all objects of this class

3. What does a constructor do?
Constructor used to initialize the objects and enable programmer to set default values,limit instantiation

4.why is partial keyword useful? 
partial keyword indicates that other parts of the class, struct,or interface can be defined in the namespace
All the parts must be available at compile time to form the final type. All the parts must have the same accessibility, such as public, private, and so on.
 
5. What is a tuple?
"tuple"  refers to a data structure which consist of multiple parts.tuple is used when you want to create a data strcuture that holds objects and their properties.

6. What does the C# record keyword do?
a new reference type we can create instead of classes or structs,we can define records as value types

7. What does overloading and overriding mean?
overloading is used to describe the methods that have the same function signature but have different prameters(nums,types,order)
overriding is used to describe in derived class it has different implmentation compared to base class or implment interfaces

8. What is the difference between a field and a property?
fields are variables defined inside a class and normally it's non public,it's used to define the characteristics of an object 
property is extension of fields but provide the get and set accessor 

9. How do you make a method parameter optional?
we can implement optional parameters by using default value

10. What is an interface and how is it different from abstract class?
interface is a contract with a list of abstract methods
abstract class consist of abstract methods and concrete method, in c#,abstract class is single inherited but interface can be multiple implmented


11. What accessibility level are members of an interface?
public 

12. True/False. Polymorphism allows derived classes to provide different implementations
of the same method.
True

13. True/False. The override keyword is used to indicate that a method in a derived class is
providing its own implementation of a method.
True

14. True/False. The new keyword is used to indicate that a method in a derived class is
providing its own implementation of a method.
False

15. True/False. Abstract methods can be used in a normal (non-abstract) class. 
False
16.True/False. Normal (non-abstract) methods can be used in an abstract class. 
true
17. True/False.Derived classes can override methods that were virtual in the base class.
 true
18. True/False.Derived classes can override methods that were abstract in the base class.
true
19. True/False.In a derived class, you can override a method that was neither virtual non abstract in the
base class.
false
20. True/False. A class that implements an interface does not have to provide an
implementation for all of the members of the interface.
false
21. True/False. A class that implements an interface is allowed to have other members that
aren’t defined in the interface.
true
22. True/False. A class can have more than one base class.
false
23. True/False. A class can implement more than one interface.
true
What is meant by the terms managed resource and unmanaged resource in .NET
Managed resources are those that are pure . NET code and managed by the runtime and are under its direct control. Unmanaged resources are those that are not

24. What's the purpose of Garbage Collector in .NET?
NET's garbage collector manages the allocation and release of memory for your application.